After skimming a few articles in which were semi interesting,
I came across one that sounded odd, "Ladyboy: Human Art" by Skyler Thomas.
 Both titles seem interesting. At first I was thinking Tatoos, piercing, or 
hooks to hang their bodies; which is very very weird and disturbing. But i dont 
judge, in a way its kinda entertaining and also challenges your mental view of
what is not normal.
	After reading the artilce I understood more on what the title ment.
 Changing the males body into the ideal woman for the purpose of fast money 
and exploitation.
	So my wife is filipina, when we were dating she asked me, to look at the 
girls on tv dancing, to look at how pretty they look and how they move. I said yeah
they look nice. she asked me to look again, so i did, and gave her the same response. 
She then asked if i thought the girls were boys. I said, no they are girls. Well to
my blind eyes, they were all boys who changed themselves into girls, and I could not
tell the difference. I thought they were all girls, they had no masculine features. 
I was amazed because they really really look like girls. I told my wife
(girlfriend at the time) the surgen is really good, thats where people should go
if they want to make themselves look younger it would be cheaper than in the states too. 
	Changing your body from one sex to another and passing for one is pretty amazing.
I really never gave thought to human art as changing someones look completely and permanently.
I thought more in terms of people on stage, or painting bodies. But actual body trimming 
and cuting and stretching, never crossed my mind. Until Thomas's article. Although its mostly
done for prostitution and money; the work that goes into transforming someone is a craft
and a work of art by the hands that perform the surgeries. The outcome of the person is
beautiful but im thinking, "wouldnt that be trying to cheat the system," because they
are making their looks more apealing than the real thing, an actual girl. The scary part
is that its someone who looks like a girl but had the mind of a guy, scarry stuff.
	The article is good, its scarry if you over think it like i did. But at its core
any modifications to the body is human art.


